1112 Update developer & writing on-chain prerequisites (#1187)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/prerequisites.md

You will find the `casper-client` executable in the `target/release` directory.

## Installing CMake {#install-cmake}

If you plan to compile contracts from the source code, including those provided in the [casper-node](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node) repository, install `CMake` with the commands below.

> [CMake](https://cmake.org/) is a popular build tool that we will utilize, and you may very well have it already installed. If you do, make sure that you have the latest version. If you need to install or upgrade it, follow the steps below or on the [CMake website](https://cmake.org/install/). Once installed, check your version as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CMake](https://cmake.org/) is a popular build tool that we will use, and you may have it installed. If you do, make sure that you have the latest version. If you need to install or upgrade it, follow the steps below or on the [CMake website](https://cmake.org/install/). Once installed, check your version as shown below.
```
